Ancient Egypt:
Dating back to the early years of the world, Ancient Egypt was one of the most magnificent and the longest-lasting civilizations. With the aid of the fertile Nile Valley and its great water supply, Egypt prospered in agriculture through centuries. As a result of their skills, they built the great pyramidal structures such as the Pyramids of Giza. Alongside developing a system of writing called hieroglyphics, they also made many important advancements in the fields of medicine, mathematics and engineering.
Thanks to the fact that they left behind a rich cultural and artistic legacy, Ancient Egyptians have fascinated people of all times since.
At the peak of its existence, Roman Empirre was the greatest and probably the most powerful empire history has ever known.
Roman Empire was at its prime when the Empire spanned almost the whole continent of Europe, major portion of North Africa and bits and piece of Asia. They constructed great architectural wonders of roads, bridges, aqueducts, and massive cities. It is also said that Romans made developments in legal frameworks and the principles of government that later many modern states adopted. Though it was doomed to decline at last, the Latin language, the architectural style, and other Roman inventions are considered very valuable and significant until our days.
Roughly the beginning of the 18 th century, Britain launched The Industrial Revolution. It was a revolutionary movement that transformed people s style of life and manner of labor. People started to become more mechanized since they no longer were able to cope with hand tools and the machines began to work their jobs for them. As the result of this phenomenon, production through factories was speeded up and hence goods could be created faster. Inventions like the steam engine contributed to the evolution both of transport and industry. In fact, a new era of work and life was created by the Industrial Revolution, but it caused serious environmental problems and bad working environments as well.
A period of African Americans' struggle against injustice and discrimination known as The Civil Rights Movement mainly focused on equal rights for the blacks in the USA. The Movement was especially active with protests against racial segregation in the US, as it was a very serious and unfair social problem at the time. A group of brave leaders including Martin Luther King Jr. promoted nonviolent actions like mass demonstrations, public speaking, and boycotts. The Civil Rights movement not only enabled to put many fair and just laws into practice, but also influenced people of other countries in their fight against inequality and for justice generally.
